I have no intention of leaving anything to you.
I am prepared to do so.
King Bassanio, I beg you.
Please accept my condolences.
I have done this for you.
Please forgive me.
I am not upset that you have lost your friend.
I will not be upset if you pay me.
If you cut me down, I will pay you with all my heart.
I am in a state of crisis.
But I am not more important than your life.
I will give up everything.
I will sacrifice everything.
I want to save you from this devil.
Please accept my condolences.
I will give you the meat of the man.
I have to return the court order.
I divorce you.
I have brought the loss of one
pound of meat.
we can fiery have ahh,
about 18 months.
That is
the measured by Law.
Just shoes,
you see,
Or you have to take more successful trials from the practice.